Next week's Liao Group Huo Group Lu Group
Do it now
Stop pretending here
I want to see
Raining trash like you
What amazing things can be done
If you give it to us now
If the talented people in the world kowtow and admit their mistakes
We can move on.
After all, the Valkyrie kneels for us
We still want to experience
Ah our company group
Stock price robbery without warning
Group thinking assets are frozen
All real estate was seized
Immediately facing bankruptcy
Can you say that again?
The non-group has stopped all cooperation of our group.
All goods are cancelled.
These three
They are all the top listed groups next week
How could Qingkejian be defended to death?
I think Luo Zhan is really capable
The financial resources of these three families are not inferior to our Fang Zi
Would be reduced to this
Could it be that the Temple of Wealth intervened?
It's just a small purse
If the Temple of Wealth intervenes
How could I not accept it?
Zhang Zhan surrendered
All talking and laughing
Some changes are normal
But this rod
gibberish
Don't trust him
As the gatekeeper of this temple of wealth, you went AWOL
But he uses the power of the Temple of Wealth to make a fortune here
Are you guilty?